c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\PrismSample.Droid.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\PrismSample.Droid.pdb
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\PrismSample.Droid.apk
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\PrismSample.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Prism.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Prism.Forms.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Prism.Unity.Forms.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\PrismSample.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\PrismSample.pdb
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Prism.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Prism.Forms.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Prism.Unity.Forms.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\PrismSample.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\PrismSample.Droid.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\PrismSample.Droid.pdb
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\PrismSample.Droid.apk
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabs.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\colors.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values-v21\styles.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\obj\Debug\PrismSample.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample.Droid\bin\Debug\PrismSample.Droid.dll.mdb
