c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\PrismSample.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\PrismSample.pdb
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Prism.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Prism.Forms.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Prism.Unity.Forms.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Prism.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Prism.Forms.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Prism.Unity.Forms.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\obj\Debug\PrismSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\obj\Debug\PrismSample.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\obj\Debug\PrismSample.Views.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\obj\Debug\PrismSample.dll
c:\users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\obj\Debug\PrismSample.pdb
C:\Users\gabauman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismSample\PrismSample\PrismSample\obj\Debug\PrismSample.Views.SecondPage.xaml.g.cs
